I'm talking, what a wrong death!
The corpse is the corpse losing light
What's going on here?
Shh, don't talk
Otherwise you will be haunted by ghosts
I ask you
Who killed you?
Those stolen antiques
Who stole it?
Who is still working?
Was ambushed
We drew incredible pictures as we went through it.
I also heard them say that I am not bullied
I framed you
That's right, I can't rely on these beasts to be ghosts
I badgered him.
As long as they die to be our company
It was indeed framed
Those people just hid antiques in my house
It shouldn't be far
Maybe.
Just hide next to it
If someone were willing to stand up and admit it now
I can guarantee it.
Let these two ghosts
Length otherwise
We stole the bones
We also put it in the running house to bask in the sun.
I, I, I was wrong.
Please don't pester me.
We are also being blackmailed
Old sister, old sister, old sister, old sister.
I ask you
Who is not you